She awoke from a dream, that felt like eternity, in her usual bed, wearing her usual clothes.
Faint memories about the dream still linger...a dream about war, and deception. But as for any dream, those memories quickly faded away,
and she resumed her regular life once again, but alot of things felt off.
It was hard for her to remember the details of her life, as if the memories were blurred.
The usual sadness that plagued her daily kept going, but once she remembered her only friend, everything changed.
The search for him was short, as she soon found out that he no longer roamed this earth.
On that day, as she went to bed, with a big depressive cloud of emotions in her mind, sleep slowly caught her once more.

When she awoke again, she found herself in a dark and cold forest, in an unfamiliar enviroment.
As she tried to find a way back, the cold air crept up her back time and time again, until she eventually found a clearing.
There, a shrine stood majestically, like a saving grace for a dying girl.
The girl approached the building slowly and carefully, as another girl came into view, drinking a cup of tea calmly on the front porch.

"H-hello? Would you happen to know where I am?"
"Hm? Oh hello there, what brings you to the shrine this late?"
"T-thats not...what I asked."
"Ah sorry, you are at the Hakurei Shrine, and I'm Reimu Hakurei. You must be new here if you don't know that."
"I guess you could say that...do you know where my town is?"
"I think that's not possible to answer...I have a hunch that you have been spirited away to this land of Gensokyo."
"W-what?! I'll...never get back...? Is that what you are trying to say?"
"That's how those things always go I'm afraid."

Suddenly, a sincere smile crawled up the lost girl's face, for the first time since she awoke from the long dream.

"Then that means...I get a second chance! But uhm...I have no place to go still..."
"Well, I don't usually do this, but how about a deal? There's currently a little crisis going on here, if you can resolve it, I'll let you stay at my shrine."
"That all? Well, I'll try my best!"

As she tried to run wherever the ominous feeling felt the strongest, she was stopped by the shrine maiden.

"You should fly instead of walking, it's faster."
"F-fly?"
"Yeah, just try it. Maybe it works for you."

Just like that, the girl slowly hovered above the ground, beautiful ice wings forming behind her.

"I-I'm flying! I can't believe this, that's amazing! Well, I won't dissapoint you!"
"Good luck."

As the girl flew away, the shrine maiden watched her dissapear into the horizon, drinking her tea, calmly as always.