It was yet another bright and sunny summer day in Gensokyo.
The Hakurei Shrine enjoyed the refreshing ice powers of its newest resident, Jessica.
As if she was drawn to the cooler temperature, a certain black and white magician barged into the shrine,
almost as if she owned the place.

Marisa: Reimu, what kinda magic are you using, to have the shrine stay so cool?
Reimu: Oh, I'm not doing anything. That would be Jessica's doing.
Jessica: Miss Reimu, do we have a visitor? Oh, hello, I dont believe we have met before.
Marisa: Who's this? Is she making it cool?
Jessica: I'm Jessica, pleased to make your aqquaintance. You are?
Marisa: I'm Marisa Kirisame, just an ordinary magician who loves learning new magic. How are you making it so cold?
Jessica: Well, I seem to have gained these ice powers after I came into this world. Miss Reimu was so nice to let me stay, if I helped her solve an incident.
Marisa: Oh, you were the one who stopped this scarlet mist? I could've done it too, you know...
Reimu: But you didnt. And Jessica did a really good job at it. So I'll gladly let her stay at the shrine.

As per usual, the scarlet devil, Remilia Scarlet came over for a visit.

Remilia: Reimu, Jessica, how is it going?
Reimu: Ugh, you again? Dont you have anything to do at home?
Remilia: Oh, dont be so harsh, we are all friends here.
Jessica: Sure, but you come over almost every day. Its a bit tiring.
Remilia: Even if I wanted to go home right now...

Just as she said that, a loud thunderclap could be heard, coming from the Scarlet Devil Mansion.

Remilia: ...there's a rainshower over my mansion, I cant get home like that.
Jessica: Just over your mansion...? That seems odd.
Reimu: Maybe there's something going on over there. Jessica, maybe you could check it out? You know the place already.
Jessica: I suppose I could. I'll to my best, Miss Reimu!
Reimu: Really, you can stop calling me Miss, Reimu will suffice.
Jessica: A-alright then. I'll be off now!
Marisa: What? How can you all ignore me like this? Argh, this is infuriating. I'll follow her, and solve it before she can!

And just like that, the new resident of the Hakurei Shrine flew off to the rainy Scarlet Devil Mansion, in search of a solution.
The black and white magician was hot on her trail, but would she be able to keep up with her?