The Hakurei Shrine during a cold winter Night
Doremy Sweet has taken up residence here, after getting kicked out of the Dream World

The snowstorm is raging outside, as Doremy is researching past incidents.

Doremy: I see, so after the red mist incident, a prolonged Winter happened?
Reimu: Exactly. And...this Winter is also getting suspiciously long.
Marisa: You're lucky I'm sticking around with you today, the snowstorm is too bad for me to fly home in.
Doremy: I feel like I've figured out their next move then.
Reimu: Anyone could've done that.
Doremy: Either way...there's also the matter of this fragment you found near the sister of Remilia.
Marisa: Yeah, what's even the matter with that?
Doremy: It's been instilled with alot of Dream-Energy. Even though it's such a small shard.
Reimu: Weird. Either way, if the incident is the same as last time, I already know where to go.
Doremy: Wait. Last time you had the help of the cherry blossoms. Maybe...I can replicate that with this shard.
Marisa: That would be pretty useful.
Reimu: How long will that take tho-
Doremy: Ok done.
Reimu: That...was fast.
Doremy: I'm from the Dream World, I know my way around this energy.

Just then, a knock can be heard on the door. As Reimu opens it reluctantly, Sakuya appears before them.

Sakuya: I'm sorry for being late, but I was called here, yes?
Doremy: Ah, the maid, perfect. Its so good of you to come.
Sakuya: It's the least I could do after you recovered the mansion.
Marisa: Hey, that was us!
Reimu: Why did you feel the need to bring her?
Doremy: The Winter Incident was resolved by the three of you afterall. So I figured it would be good to replicate it as best as we can.
Sakuya: Weird idea, but ok. I'll be glad to help remove this annoying winter.
Doremy: I'll be giving you three this shard then, so you can use the replicated powers of the cherry petals.
Reimu: Guess we'll be off then. Don't make a mess of the place.
Marisa: Let's go, this winter won't last much longer.
Sakuya: I hope I can be of good assistance.

As the three girls head out once again, the snowstorms wont let up. Determined, they head towards the Netherworld. Behind them, an ominous gap closes,
as a soft giggle fades into the snow.