It has been some time since the last incident plagued Gensokyo, and a beautiful Autumn has blessed the land
with its vibrant colors, and wonderful harvests.

While Jessica was flipping through her photo album, trying to not pay any mind to her current predicament,
a very angry Reimu stormed back into the shrine, seemingly about to explode.

Reimu: This is unbelievable!! Who does that freak think she is?!
Jessica: Huh? What happened? Fairy play a prank on you again?
Reimu: No, its far worse. Our shrine hasn't been doing that well lately anyways...
Jessica: Yeah, I know. You said something about faith missing, or something?
Reimu: Exactly. And just now some stupid green-haired girl, claiming to be a shrine maiden approached me
       and told me to turn my shrine into a branch of hers. Called this one a husk, void of any faith.
Jessica: Wow, what a b-...*ahem*
Reimu: You're right though, no need to hold your tounge. Although, maybe its time for you to do something again.
Jessica: ...what do you mean? I'm...not really in the...you know...condition at the moment...
Reimu: What do you mean? The wristband is working nicely. A little incident resolution could do you good.
Jessica: ...maybe you're right.
Reimu: I want you to head towards the youkai mountain, and figure out where all of the faith has gone.
Jessica: The mountain? I suppose I've not been there before.
Reimu: Oh, and be sure to shoot down any fairies you see. They're holding a little faith for some reason.
       Try and gather as much as you can. It should help get the shrine fixed up again, spirutually.
Jessica: Can I even do that? I'm just a human, how am I supposed to hold any faith on me?
Reimu: Well, I...just have this feeling that you can hold it. (If I told her its because of her youkai predicament, she'd flip out...)
Jessica: Alright then, I'll be on my way then...
Reimu: I'll do my best to gather faith around the shrine area, while you're gone. Give that green-haired one a real punch for me!

And so, the troubled girl flew off, into the autumn-red backdrop, still fighting her inner demons...or rather, inner youkai.
What might this adventure bring for her?
Her heart wandered, as she began once again, for a fresh start.